Add a page about the pre-kickstart activities (#607)
srobo/docs: competitor_resources/pre_kickstart_activities.md

---
layout: page
title: Pre-Kickstart Activities
---

# Pre-Kickstart Activities

> The pre-Kickstart activities provide a basic introduction to the kit which can be completed before Kickstart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-Kickstart activities provide a basic introduction to robotics, through our simulator, which can be completed before Kickstart.
```

> The pre-Kickstart activities provide a basic introduction to robotics, through our simulator, which can be completed before Kickstart.

Reviewer: Alternatively
```suggestion
The pre-Kickstart activities are a new concept we are introducing with SR2025. They use our simulator for a set of activities intended to be completed between signups and Kickstart. These will teach some core concepts of robotics and introduce some simple sensors that teams could use on their physical robots.
```
